README.md, before:

# Treehouse Techdegree Soccer League Project

## Specification Requirements

You have volunteered to be the Coordinator for your town’s youth soccer league. As part of your job you need to divide the 18 children who have signed up for the league into three even teams - Dragons, Sharks and Raptors. In years past, the teams have been unevenly matched, so this year you are doing your best to fix that. For each child, you will have the following information: Name, height (in inches), whether or not they have played soccer before, and their guardians’ names. You'll take a list of these children, divide them into teams and output a text file listing the three teams and the players on them. There are three main tasks you'll need to complete to get this done:

In your Python program, read the data from the supplied CSV file. Store that data in an appropriate data type so that it can be used in the next task.

Create logic that can iterate through all 18 players and assign them to teams such that each team has the same number of players. The number of experienced players on each team should also be the same.

Finally, the program should output a text file named -- teams.txt -- that contains the league roster listing the team name, and each player on the team including the player's information: name, whether they've played soccer before and their guardians' names.

## Details

Commit message:

Completed exceed's expectations task with additional function
- Added write_letters function to write a letter to each player's
parents.

README.md, after:

# Treehouse Techdegree Soccer League Project

## Specification Requirements

You have volunteered to be the Coordinator for your town’s youth soccer league. As part of your job you need to divide the 18 children who have signed up for the league into three even teams - Dragons, Sharks and Raptors. In years past, the teams have been unevenly matched, so this year you are doing your best to fix that. For each child, you will have the following information: Name, height (in inches), whether or not they have played soccer before, and their guardians’ names. You'll take a list of these children, divide them into teams and output a text file listing the three teams and the players on them. There are three main tasks you'll need to complete to get this done:

In your Python program, read the data from the supplied CSV file. Store that data in an appropriate data type so that it can be used in the next task.

Create logic that can iterate through all 18 players and assign them to teams such that each team has the same number of players. The number of experienced players on each team should also be the same.

Finally, the program should output a text file named -- teams.txt -- that contains the league roster listing the team name, and each player on the team including the player's information: name, whether they've played soccer before and their guardians' names.

To get an "exceeds" rating, you can expand on the project in the following ways:

Create 18 text files ("welcome" letters to the players' guardians). You'll create 1 text file for each player. Use the player’s name as the name of the file, in lowercase and with underscores and ending in .txt. For example, kenneth_love.txt.

Make sure that each file begins with the text "Dear" followed by the guardian(s) name(s). Also include the additional required information: player's name, team name, and date & time of first practice.

## Use Details

To run the league builder and write output to files, run league_builder.py.
